The Jerusalem channel is made with the support of you, our viewers.
Thank you for watching.
Global crises are intensifying at an unprecedented pace in tandem with exponential technological advances.
A lot of prophecy teachers are in agreement that this will be a new year of prophetic acceleration like never before.
Happing simultaneously will be civil unrest, domestic terrorism, international conflicts, earthquakes, and other natural disasters.
Prophecy watchers, such as ourselves, are looking for the Lord's soon return while working fervently for as many souls as possible to be saved.
This, I do know, Bible prophecy eventually will have a sell-by date, so to speak.
This old world will not go on indefinitely forever.
As I read just this morning in Revelation 10, 6, soon there will be no more delay.
That means, soon God will no longer restrain evil in His long-promised judgment and redemption or about to happen.
You see, my friends, we're moving from patient waiting to God's decisive interventions in history.
Shalom, I'm Christine Dark.
Although Jesus declared, behold, I am coming quickly, nearly 2,000 years ago, in Revelation 2212, the phrase means that when the appointed time of his return finally arrives, events will happen suddenly and with unprecedented swiftness like a thief in the night, making his appearing quicker than ever in its unexpected and rapid fulfillment, regardless of the centuries that had passed
in human reckoning.
Artificial intelligence is advancing and accelerating while at the same time we are experiencing a phenomenon called time compression, meaning events are seemingly unfolding so quickly that our minds have to struggle to adapt to these stressful conditions.
The end time acceleration will compress timelines, making every new year seem like a decade of change in only one year.
Acceleration of events could trigger widespread mental health crises, including anxiety, depression, and reality shock as a result from society's inability to process everything that's happening, including AI deep fakes, technological quirks, and related health issues.
Let's support independent media and try our best to stay healthy, eating the right foods, believing God's word for health,
because we've reached a time of significant change and stress.
For sure, our times are moving faster and with more intensity.
Although it's become almost a platitude in prophetic circles, nevertheless, I have to say, this will be yet another year of suddenlies when long periods of slow building events suddenly explode in intensity and speed hyperquick.
Yes, indeed, these are the days of rapid fulfillment.
There will be a surge in birth pains, a season of quickening.
The Bible itself explicitly teaches that in-time events will dramatically speed up like birth pains, contractions growing closer, stronger, and faster.
Both Matthew 24-8 and 1 Thessalonians 5-3 compare the last days to ever increasing birth pains.
Events that start mild and far apart will rapidly intensify and cluster together.
So today I want to share some practical markers to explain that the suddenly's acceleration phase of the end times has begun.
As a prophetic teacher and watchman, I want to list for you five observable signs that we have crossed into the rapid fulfillment zone.
The first trend for the new year is that anti-Semitism unfortunately will not go away, but it's destined to increase.
This is because God is calling the Jewish people home to the land of Israel.
Jews no longer feel safe in communities where anti-Semitism is tolerated.
Tragically, some Christians continue to turn against Israel.
This is because they cannot endure sound doctrine.
To understand the place of Israel and Bible prophecy means that you understand sound doctrine.
It's just impossible to understand the Bible if you have no grasp of isriology.
what the Bible teaches about the people of Israel, their past, present, and future role in God's redemptive plan.
We must know Israel's unique covenants, history, and prophecies for the future about Israel.
So you may ask Christine, how can you say that antisemitism will increase?
Don't you say never again?
Yet the word of God in Revelation 12 and elsewhere predicts that in the end times Satan will intensify his efforts to destroy Israel
to try to prevent the soon return of Jesus.
Satan was tried to destroy Jerusalem and Israel to prevent the second coming of Jesus to Jerusalem.
But Satan, that old serpent and dragon, will of course fail.
While incidents of anti-Semitism will increase, fellowship between true Christians and Jews will also increase.
We'll see greater alliances between Jews and evangelical Christians.
Secondly, according to Daniel 12-4 in all categories across the board, knowledge shall increase.
That verse from the book of Daniel envisioned for the last days an exponential explosion in technology, travel, and information.
Artificial intelligence, transhumanism, global connectivity, these all had become the means that speed up every other prophecy.
As I read recently in my Bible,
Habakkuk 1-5 is quoted in Acts 13-41 where God says, look among the nations and be utterly astounded for I am doing a work in your days that you would never believe even if someone told you.
Meaning that God's judgments and interventions are going to happen so fast that even believers will be shocked at the pace.
Indeed, Isaiah 60-22 declares, I am the Lord and it's time I will hasten it.
So I'm telling you that God Himself will press the fast forward button at the appointed moment.
Keep in mind the Lord's own admonition in Luke 18 8.
He asked, when the Son of Man comes, will He find faith on the earth?
You see, the speed of oncoming events will leave little time for preparation.
Only those of us who are already watching and investing heavily in this Word of God will be able to remain steadfast.
In Amos 913, we have this curious verse describing end-time events.
The plowmen shall overtake the reaper.
This means prophetically that events will overlap one another.
Harvest and planning happen simultaneously.
There will be no pauses between crises.
Now, a third sign I want to mention today is the phenomenon known as clustering.
Multiple major prophetic events will be happening in the same month or year
such as wars or economic collapse, AI developments, natural disasters, and moral freefall all happening simultaneously.
Things that were expected to take decades now happen in years or months.
A classic example, of course, was after 2,000 years the nation of Israel was reborn literally in one day in 1948.
Suddenly the fig tree timeline went into warp speed and the Jews captured their capital Jerusalem
In 1967, news cycles can't keep up.
People are said to be experiencing prophecy fatigue or outright denial because events are happening so fast.
Moreover, rapid events are beginning to overlap or follow one another in months or a few years.
Everything seems to be happening at once.
There's just going to be no return to the old normal.
Only a sprint it's going to be to the return of King Messiah.
In the meantime, we have these annoying, constant invasions of our personal privacy.
Across the internet, there's a swift and global push for a mandatory age of verification.
Last week, members of Congress reviewed 19 separate online safety bills, each promising to protect miners from the worst corners of the web.
Of course, it sounds noble and responsible, but beneath the surface, a different story is unfolding.
One that causes privacy experts to sound the alarm.
The growing wave of age verification requirements in the United States, Europe, and now Australia's sweeping new social media ban for teens, may well be the biggest step yet towards what governments have quietly desired for years.
A national digital ID system.
The real danger lies not in the protection of minors, but in the system required to enforce it.
Already 25 American states now require some form of age verification to access large categories of online content.
The UK has passed the Online Safety Act mandating verification.
Australia's social media decisions act as a policy test case for the Western world.
Remember when Australia imposed some of the strictest pandemic rules on Earth, other nations followed.
when Australia launched sweeping online content restrictions, similar efforts emerged across Europe.
It's widely expected that the team's social media ban will inspire age verification pushes in Canada, the UK, and eventually the USA.
Once global policy dominoes start tipping, there's no turning back.
Advocates for digital liberty warn that mandatory age checks require proof of identity.
It may begin with uploading a driver's license or submitting to a facial scan to prove you're not a minor, but the long-term implications are far deeper.
The bottom line is that age verification means identification and identification means surveillance.
Once the government or third-party firms must confirm your identity to access social media, video platforms, e-commerce, or even news websites,
Digital identity will become a universal demand and unavoidable.
In short, this is a proverbial Trojan horse.
You'll have to prove you're not a child.
In most states, age verification is outsourced to third-party companies.
And these companies already struggle with breaches, hacks, and rampant data harvesting.
No one denies the genuine need to protect children online, of course.
But mandatory ID checks give government something they have sought for years, a centralized identity layer that can track, monitor, restrict, or approve access to the digital world.
Today, it's all about online safety.
Tomorrow, it may be required for a political speech, so-called misinformation, religious content, or anything defined as extremism or terrorism.
History teaches us that governments rarely abandon new powers.
They expand them.
Australia's team ban is being hailed as the beginning of a new era.
But for privacy advocates, it resembles the beginning of a new surveillance system, one that other nations are already poised to adopt.
If every user must approve their identity to access social media and other forms of the internet, the means for universal digital identity is effectively built.
Compliance will become mandatory.
Enforcement will become automated.
And of course, dissent will become traceable.
The great irony of this moment is that the push for safety may result in a world where every citizen must show digital IDs to enter the online public square.
According to a Prophecy News Watch article, unless citizens push back now, age verification may go down in history as the Trojan horse that delivered the first true national digital ID to the Western world.
Meanwhile in Europe, the controversy surrounding a proposed EU regulation officially aimed at combating child sexual abuse material has for months been crystallizing massive opposition on both technical and civic fronts.
The core principles of the legislation are clear.
Detection software would be embedded in the messaging apps or the operating system to scan chat content
and then automatically forward to law enforcement agencies in a material that is flagged as prohibited.
The automatic scan of private content sent through messaging platforms such as WhatsApp or Telegram or prompts sent to AI platforms such as chat, GPT, would take place before encryption, meaning directly on your phone, tablet or computer.
So you would have to constantly self-sensor.
You would have to think twice about everything you think or say.
The government's desire is to control, regulate police, or monitor European citizens down to their smallest gesture.
So welcome to 1984, George Orwell's classic dystopian novel about a totalitarian superstate led by Big Brother who controls every aspect of your life through constant surveillance and propaganda.
Rewriting history and manipulating language.
Newspeak.
to crush individuality and enforce absolute loyalty.
Now, a force sign I want to mention in today's broadcast is that we've reached a technological tipping point.
Technological tools are appearing that can fulfill Revelation 13's mark, the image of the beast, literally overnight.
When people will be forced in the future to take what's called the mark of the beast in order to buy or sell.
Governments worldwide will accelerate the rollout of programmable digital currencies, linking them to personal biometric data.
Cash is being phased out in major economies, requiring a government-issued digital ID mark embedded in smartphones or bodily implants to access funds, enforcing compliance through transaction controls.
Global AI systems, like expanded versions of China's social credit system,
will monitor behavior in real time via facial recognition and devices.
Noncompliance with norms should lock individuals out of commerce, necessitating a loyalty mark to restore access, unifying power under a central authority.
Contactless payments will evolve to require chip implants or retinal scans for all transactions.
Amid rising cyber threats,
Only those with an authorized beast-marked biometric identifier will be able to buy or sell, as unverified users will be deemed security risk.
Blockchain and AI will centralize supply chains under multinational conglomerates.
To combat shortages from climate crises or wars, access to goods will demand a universal digital passport or mark, scanned at every point of sale, consolidating economic power.
Brain-computer interfaces such as advanced neural link will become mandatory for high-efficiency jobs and services.
Refusal could result in economic exclusion with a mark required for all financial interactions.
Building or tracking apps from the COVID era, future health crises will mandate implantable health monitors that double as payment authenticators.
and only marked individuals verified as compliant with global health mandates will be able to participate in commerce to prevent spread of dissent.
As quantum computing breaks traditional encryption, a new global standard for quantum resistant IDs will emerge requiring a physical or digital mark tied to one's biology.
This will be enforced for all banking and trade, aligning nations under a single verification B system.
Urban areas will transition to fully automated systems where AI governs resource allocation.
Entry and purchases in these zones will require a city-issued pass or mark, potentially excluding outsiders and unifying control under a centralized AI beast overseer.
Amid economic collapses, only marked users will be able to trade as unmarked accounts are frozen.
forcing global allegiance to a unified financial beast.
Climate change policies will introduce carbon credit allowances tied to personal marks.
Overspending credits or noncompliance will block purchases of essentials requiring the mark for ration, buying, and selling, harmonizing world powers under eco-authoritarian rule.
Furthermore, here are some plausible predictions for a mandatory mark to come to pass.
We're watching technological and society developments that could realistically lead to a world where no one can buy or sell unless they have the mark on the right hand or forehead prophesied in Revelation 13.
These predictions are presented as speculative but nevertheless highly plausible.
First of all, in the future, people could be forced to have a global digital ID if the UN's ID 2030 initiative succeeds.
There's also the World Bank's G20-backed digital identity.
Every human would be issued a single biometric-linked digital ID.
This could become legally mandatory for banking, travel, and internet access.
Without it, you are effectively unpersoned or depersoned.
Well, in this age of super technology, when will a cashless society finally become reality?
Well, already,
We're experiencing situations where cash is no longer accepted.
When major economies outlaw physical cash, all transactions will migrate to central bank digital currencies that are fully programmable.
Money would literally expire or be blocked if certain conditions are not met.
Implanted payment chips have already been piloted in Sweden and the Netherlands since 2021.
Eventually to be normalized will be biometric payments, meaning the use of a person's unique physical and other traits for the purposes of ID and security.
Injectable payment is being marketed as the ultimate convenience in security by the early 2040s.
Refusal to comply will be framed as reckless or antisocial.
Economic collapse and climate crises will force most nations into systems that will be tied to a compliance score
including, of course, vaccine status, travel limits, speech monitoring, energy usage, and so forth.
The score would be enforced through the same biometric mark used for payments.
An unhackable identity would be promoted as some sort of quantum dot tattoo or implant that has to be physically scanned, conveniently placed as the book of Revelation predicts on the right hand or forehead.
And here's a potential scenario concerning a global blackout.
Let's say a massive solar flare or coordinated cyber attack collapses the old internet and financial system for many months.
Finally, when the new network comes online, let's call it Phoenix, internet participation would require accepting a new biometric secured mark.
There would be no access to the rebuilt economy without having
bought into the system with some sort of mark or identity verification.
The system could be ultimately sold as a spiritual unity project.
Submitting to verification protocols would be the sign of compliance that you accept the new period of peace and safety and shared consciousness.
Refusal would be branded not just as economic suicide, but as hate against humanity itself.
People are already beginning to think this way.
churches and religious objectors could be labeled as terrorists.
Their bank accounts and food access would be cut off first.
Only verified humans with a standard mark or protocol will be able to participate in international trade.
National currencies would be dead.
Only the new digital unit tied to the mark would be acceptable.
Artificial intelligence would monitor social media, neural patterns via wearables and plants,
and people's purchases history.
Deviating from approved narratives would trigger automatic account freezes.
Restoring access would require a real-time loyalty scan using the hand or forehead on a universal scanner.
These ideas don't require science fiction, just the logical incremental extension of trends that are already in motion, such as digital IDs, implantable payments,
social credit systems, brain-computer interfaces, and global crises that make extreme solutions appear very necessary.
Each step will feel rational and voluntary to most people until when it suddenly is too late and people are caught in the web of the Antichrist.
Now, moving on to a fifth sign for the future, a category we'll call technological predictions involving lying wonders in the Antichrist.
investments in AI will evolve into hyper-realistic holographics and neural simulations, making it possible for a charismatic leader to perform fake miracles like healing the sick via remote brain interfaces or resurrecting digital avatars.
This technology can build, for example, on open AI's current deepfakes and have the ability to deceive the multitudes into worship
as the Antichrist uses it to mimic all sorts of divine signs.
Brain-computer interfaces like Neuralink are expected to expand into a worldwide mind web where thoughts and perceptions can be shared and manipulated.
The Antichrist could hijack this network to implant false visions or prophecies, enforcing loyalty by altering memories or inducing euphoria in followers.
An Antichrist figure could use predictive algorithm to target
to centers.
I know this sounds like a stretch, but CRISPR gene editing and organ printing are predicted to advance to full-body regeneration.
The future antichrist is prophesied to survive a fatal wound, possibly through experimental revival technology, which would be publicized as a miracle to convince the masses of immortality.
Eventually, ubiquitous nanodrones equipped with AI facial recognition are expected to blanket the Earth.
enforcing worship of the Antichrist by monitoring prayers and gatherings.
These drones could project the Antichrist's image everywhere, making evasion impossible and turning public spaces into enforced zones of idolatry.
The Antichrist's living image could be an AI avatar that speaks and interacts, demanding allegiance for access, using voice synthesis and behavioral AI
to punish non-worshippers by expelling them from digital life.
We're also entering a time of technology when holographic so-called miracle displays will be possible.
AR, argument and reality technology overlays digital information such as images, sounds, and data onto the real world, enhancing our view with interactive computer-generated elements through devices like smartphones or glasses.
unlike virtual reality which creates fully digital worlds.
According to Revelation 13, the Antichrist will have a false prophet who is described as a second beast who looks like a lamb but speaks like a dragon and who performs deceptive signs like making fire fall from heaven to lead people to worship the Antichrist, the first beast, and the beast's image.
Advanced holographic projectors
Evolving from current augmented reality tech could enable a false profit figure to summons fire from heaven through laser-induced plasma displays or drone-coordinated pyrotechnics, synced with weather manipulation.
This technology could enable the masses to deceive by simulating epic biblical signs in public spectacles and broadcast globally to enforce worship of the beast.
According to the book of Revelation, the false prophet will cause individuals to believe in supernatural endorsements of the Antichrist.
Eventually, robotics and deep learning will converge in order to animate statues or digital avatars of the Antichrist, giving them breath.
It's going to look like real life synthesis.
Already, there are ultra-realistic AI voice tools that simulate a person's speech and that can animate the beast's image
to speak various commandments.
Placed in smart devices worldwide, this living image will demand obedience for the false prophet using it to issue orders to eliminate non-worshipers.
A unified social media and neural web platform could allow the false prophet to broadcast deceptive narratives.
Resistance would be squashed through AI-moderated content that isolates and demonizes those who object.
All of this, of course, will serve to terrify populations into submission and allegiance to the beast.
Quantum computers will enable hyper-accurate simulations of future events, which the False Prophet can present as infallible prophecies supporting the Antichrist Beast.
By feeding manipulated data into these models, self-fulfilling outcomes can be created to deceive even the elites and the masses.
In short, artificial intelligence is bringing about such levels of deception that soon on the internet and all media, it will be very difficult to separate deep fake and truth from reality.
In John 14, 6, Jesus said, I am the way, the truth, and the life no one comes to the Father except through me.
So to escape the judgments reserved as I've been describing today for a God-rejecting world, we must know Jesus as Lord and Savior.
If you've not yet done so, I urge you to call on his name and believe that he is the Son of God who died for our sins and rose from the dead.
In the Bible promise, when you believe in him, you shall be saved.
So my friend, no matter how chaotic, deceptive, and dangerous the world is becoming, the most important question is, are you ready for the soon and sudden appearing of the Lord?
Titus 2, 13 says, this is our blessed hope, the soon return.
and Rapture.
Amen.
Meanwhile, we'd love to hear from you on social media or through our free Jerusalem channel mobile app.
Please follow my articles at substack.com and all our videos in our Jerusalem channel, YouTube platform, as well as our website, exploits.tv, where you have the opportunity to support our work financially.
Finally, at our website contact page, we invite you to sign up for our weekly email alert called exploits
That's based on Daniel 1132, declaring the people who know their God will be strong, not weak, and we will accomplish biblical exports.
The works of the Lord in the remaining time before His imminent return.
Meanwhile, let's keep contending for the faith and praying prophetically for the peace of Jerusalem.
I'm Christine Darg, Shalom and Maranatha.